#팀노바
## 4월 12일
`${applicationId}` is a special token that represents the name of the app pacakge.
This is generally used to dynamically use the package name.

Function Intent.createChooser() is used to  create an intent that allows the user to selct one of several apps.

I'm currently working on creating a folder creatino feature, but it's currently difficult for me to the oint where I'm not makin gmuch progress.

If I create a folder creation function, selctino and removal functio by tomorrow.
The remaing work remains to complete the CRUD fuctio, such as file movement and rename functino.
But now, as the team leader said, it is time to take actio in increase the safety of my code. There is a need to start from the design again.
The biggest goal is to improve the process, not the work.

So, tomorrow I will spend time documenting and refactoring my entire project and that what I plan to do next.

---
## 4월 13일
Today I realized something new: how to devlop while planning.
Until now, I have thought that I plan and develop on my own, but that wasn't the case, and this time I fell like I have come a little closer to planning and developing.

Rather than thinking about it while developing,I think about it all, look it up, think about the exact algrithm of how to create it, then start programming.
There are still many things to improve, fore example, test code nneds to be witten.

Tomorrow, I will make chnages to file names and delte files. Like today, I will go into planning before coding everything.

---
## 4월 14일
Today, I planned and coded as much as I could as I wrote yesterday and wrote a lot of additional comments.
I cound't fell how much it helped me today.
But I'm going to keep doing this and I'm thinking it's not a bad thing.
Another good things is that I've been programming a lot lately, so programming has becmoe more fun and I fell less reluctant to do it.

Today, I created a selectnio method and tested the removal method.

Tomorrow I have to create removal method and move method.

---
## 4월 15일
Today I created a function in my program to move folders.
There were some difficult things, but I solve it well.
And if I were to evaluate myself today, I couldn't keep the promises I made before, which were planning and coding, so I must keep them next time.

Tomorrow, I will create remove function (it's almost complete) and study the android calender function.

---

## 4월 16일
Today I created a function in my program to delete folders.
It was fairly easy because it was already prepared.
And I make CRUD function.
It seems like I'm having a hard time planning and developing because I'm just fitting in with what I've made recently.
Nevertheless, you must force yourself to take action to plan.

Tomorrow I wil compelete ActivityDetailedSetting class and function.
And do refectoring, commenting and preparing of presentation.
If I have time, I would like to create unit tests as well.
Or study android caleneder function.

---
## 4월 17일
Today I compelete ActivityDetailedSetting class and rename function.
Today, I feel like I didn't plan well and didn't research enough. In some ways, I kept looking and it's possible that I've seen it now.
Next thing I can do here is file classification and search using directory filtering, and there is also a favorites function.

Tomorrow is the time I'm going to presentation.

For the remaining time, I will do apply the video to my  project and midterm exam.