#팀노바 
## 4월 19일
Today I couldn't do any programming at all because I was taking a midterm exam.
So, I plan to do plenty of programming tomorrow.
However, since I was not able to complete the midterm eam, I would have to set aside more time next time or do it separately in the middle of the exam.

What I need to think about when programming tomorrow is to plan first, write a lot of comments, and write the comments in a way that that is legible and not abstract. It is also written in Korean.

---
## 4월 20일
Today I didn't actually do anything today.
However, I thought a lot about how to create Shared Preferences.
The most difficult part was conceiving a reference type. For natural type values, I could just do the hard work or just bring the value, but that was imossible with reference types.

The reason it was impossible to do it using the "get" method was because it was unsafe for the constructor to be excuted automatically.
But now that I think about it, I don't think there will be a problem even if I just create it.
However, after looking into it, I found out that ther must be  a defulat constructor.
Then, It would be a good idea to create an uncomditionally created virtal constructor in the from of an interface.
Then, I can create anything nad create a method in the term of "get".

---
## 4월 21일
Today, I created Various methods ofr SharedPreference, but none of them worked properly.
There are various reasons, but one of them seems to be a lack of basic knowledge of the java language such as Object type and wildcards.
I've already lost 3days, so I have no choice but to creaet a form that can handle every type, nad I think I'll have to create each method as needed.
Since the part where I will provide SharedPreferences is the favorite list, it will be enought to create method to store an array of Strings and a function to epxtres it.

Tomorrow, I'll have to create a calendar layout and create it what I mentioned above.

---
## 4월 22일
Today I created my "favorite" function, created teh calendar layout, and rewired the DetailActivity.
Currently, the work is finsished at 5:35, where is always earlier than the day before, but the amount seems to to be the largest.
Idon't know if I planned it first and then programed it, but I added a lot of annotations.
As I continue to do it, I feel that it is definately good to make a plan even for small codes, but it seems quite hard. 
So I'mg going to try to consider the case furhter. I think it will be helpful in designing things like what problems will arise, when and where it will be used, what the limitations of the functinos will be etc.

Tomorrow, I will make user custom description using sharedpreference.
And link metadata to calendar date.

---
## 4월 23일
Today, I added a memo function using sharedPreference on the detailActivity side.

Tmorrow, I'm going to do what I couldn't complete today.
And I will add annotation.
This time, it seems like programing is being done to add safety in a not bad way. Let's practice a little more.

---
## 4월 24일
Today, I completed the function to write notes in directory details.
It seems like the more I keep thinking about planning and programing, the better I get at it. Although I cna't fully plan, I am naturally planning little by little.

