#팀노바
## 4월 5일
First, I changed all the things I had made in to fragments to activity
And I implemented recyclerview on the MainActivity where I only wrote text.
This is all I did today.

The most difficult thing for me was creating funcionality in the recyclerview.
To sum it up,
Create the concept of "title" and "content" and create an inptable interface.
And, Distinguish the column size of the "title" and "content" and use different adapters.

what I have to do tomorrow,
Even though sharing does not actually occur using "implict intent", it allows sharing-related intent to be executed,
and deeply sutdies and organizes the theory of activity life cycles and intent.

---
## 4월 6일
Today, I supplemented recyclerview-related functions and added implict intent for testing.
Looking at the overall work, I didn't do well. Because I played.

So, I must clearly divide my playtime and studytime

What I have to do tomorrow,
Study how to read cell phone files and organize them in Obsidian

What I want from myself by doing this is It's about exploreing a lot of informatino in advance and practicing how to program.

If there is time left, find the root folder and display that folder in MainActivity

---
## 4월 7일
 Today, I created a function that reads data from android and displays it on my main screen.
And I briefly summarized the function in obsidian.

Todya again, I felt like when I study something, I try it first without researching it thoroughly.
So I thought I would have to do force myself to do it.

What I have to do tomorrow,
Using method, I can display folder and files whenever I am given a spceific location.
And planning the use of Activity lifecycle.

---
## 4월 8일
Today, I created a mtehod that can display folder and files whenever I'm given a specific location.

There are several challenges in making it.
There were two ways to express root memory, one was using enviroment variables and the other was using method of Android framework. Android avoids using enviroment varialbe for sevral reasons. So I looked the differences between the two and explored the reasons why it didn't work, and in the end it worked.

So What I have to do tomorrow,
In order to implement the life cycle function, I'm mentoring and creating a function that reads the file on the page again when the screen is exited and relaunched.
And when I click the button on a folder, the corresponding folder will appear again.

---
## 4월 9일
Today, I did everything I said yesterday.
It wasn't that difficult for me.
Tomorrow. I will be manily perparing for the presentation.

I think I'll spend the remaing time today researching activities and working on the Wacktaver team's porgram.

There was a bit of a problem this time, but it was easily resolved through menotring.
He simply taguth me how to debug.

Tomorrow, I will have to thoroughly review all preparation for the presentation.

---
## 4월 10일
Today, I created the DetailActivity that shows the iformation of folder or file.
The reason I created this activity is to use explicit intent and paaing data.
This work turned out pretty well.

I read everything what I wrote, this activities is good for myself.
So I want to do it every weeks, and I want this promise is held for a long time.
